{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14920\viewh16500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 UAT:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
Requirements:\
\
Main Menu:\
Uses a GUI with colour coded buttons for easier selection and navigation between other menus.\
Within each menu a number sequence is utilised for selection. This prevents the user from making a \'93typo\'94 when selection. For example\
it may say:\
1) Add\
2) Edit\
3) Remove\
The user would then input 1, 2, or 3. If the user doesn\'92t, they a prompted to try again, ensuring their input is either 1, 2, or 3. \
\
Add new Item:\
They are first asked for the items category. The console also prints all the current categories, for if the user wishes to use a pre-existing one,\
the chances of them making a \'93typo\'94 are reduced, for their options and 
\f2\i spelling
\f1\i0  is right their. If the user types something that doesn\'92t already\
exist, it will simply create a new category with such name. They are then asked for the items name, the console also prints all items already\
in that category, inorder to minimise the chance of duplicate items. However, if a duplication does occur, the system will stop, and prompt the\
user that that item already exists. They are then asked for the inventory amount. If the user doesn\'92t input a number the assumed inventory\
will be 0. Works fine with negative stock (debt). Then finally, they are asked if they wish to create a custom code or not, (a barcode). If the\
user selects No (or \'932\'94), the system will find the lowest available number within the CSV and asign it to the new item. However, if they ask\
for a custom number (or \'931\'94), the user then inputs a number, if this number already exists, the user is prompted and asked for another number.\
\
Note at any time if the user types \'93Exit\'94 or any variation of it \'93exit\'94,\'94eXit\'94, ect, the system will exist its current step. This is useful then the system asks for the name of something, such as a new product name, yet the user wants to back out. As a result, no item or category can be named \'93Exit\'94.\
\
Process Purchase:\
Through the use of a GUI the user can type the name or code of the item. Again the system is not caps sensitive for it formats all inputs correctly, including when a item is first created, in fact even if the user edits the CSV dirrectly, whenever a new script is ran the system first formats all items, grouping them by category, then alphibetcaly, and finally ensures all categories and items follow the format (\'93Abc\'94).\
If the item or code doesn\'92t exist, the user is promoted.\
The user can also search by category. \
They then add a quality + to add - to subtract. Items are also grouped, so putting through the same item twice will simply add the quantities together. They then select a payment method by clicking either cash or card. The total price is always displayed at the bottom, this is live.\
After clicking \'93Done\'94 a receipt is created as a TXT file, within this file the GST of the sale is also calculated and saved.\
\
In the receipt section, the user can open the folder that has all the sale receipts or they can view current stock levels, either by viewing all of them or just a category, upon viewing they then have the option to either export as a TXT or CSV file. Both appropriately formatted.\
\
Stock tracking and Accounting:\
When ever a sale is successful the inventory amount of each item is correspondingly changed. }